hi so a lot of you brought to my
attention that I had forgotten to cover
a certain bathroom scene from season two
I had made a video you definitely go
check that out that catches you up on
all that stuff but I would be honest I
must have been brooming in the kitchen
taking a Dookie myself because I
couldn't remember what you guys were
talking about what what it was that was
so bad so I decided to go back and check
it out again like it when did these
dudes go from freaking CW characters to
John wick I like oh yeah I get you want
these guys to be bullies but like why
are you turning them into ms-13 members
I get you want to make the high school
jock seem bad but a trial literally just
ended so it's like why would see you're
not writing teenagers you're writing
super villains then if giving him a
whirly wasn't enough which look no
bullet does is you end up with toilet
water on yourself and it's like a
headbutt these guys the sight saw Harvey
mops seen the boy and splinter his
butthole like I get that you guys want
to lead him up to shooting the school
but come on why would a janitor leave
his mop around also it's no wonder that
the boy that the boy looks like Johnny
from Ed Edd n Eddy he's he's attached to
that plank but after all the outrage on
Twitter and the five middle schoolers
who use tumblr the creator of the show
actually came out and tried to fending
it by saying one they researched and you
know things like this do happen too
why were people more upset at this and
not when Jessica got a boy did you just
not have a Twitter back then see I don't
like the idea of twisting things to get
your ratings up right I don't mind
something being graphic you can have
like 20 of these mop scenes I have seen
way worse things that are graphic just
for attention but I'm gonna call a warm
and friendly Chicago bull are you trying
to say that yours is to bring attention
when really you're just exploiting it to
go trending I get that bad things happen
in schools right I'm not saying that a
situation like Anna or this mob scene or
you know all of the other terrible
things that happen in this school that
shows you the saint of school it's a
prison one crazy incident I get but
y'all telling me that they're serial
raping suicide reenactments of the raid
redemption going on y'all crazy I know
people are quick to tell me that they
know a person who read a review of a
book about something that was very
similar to us an area
but a school where all of these things
not one but all of these things are
happening back-to-back I'm gonna have to
see that research and the links where
you've seen all of this happen at once
right now it just sounds like your God's
not dead if you never saw that that
movie at the end credits pretty much
just showed you a bunch of court cases
that the movie was based off of yet none
of those court cases have anything to do
with the plot of the movie I'm just
saying if y'all want to go heavy on the
dramatization like you've been doing
then y'all better bring Hanna back from
the dead to take these mofos out and get
some justice and bring Jeff back to
thank you guys for checking out this
video like I said I had the whole season
to one that you can wrap up go over
there some people thought it was
offensive hey you know what Hanna coming
back from the dead and a bunch of the
other stuff that happened in season two
if that didn't offend you then hey I'm
glad that I figured out your trigger
warning let me know your thoughts about
this one over here I listen I literally
missed the scene in the first one I know
people kept talking about it so you know
I decided to get as deep as they did
with that mob let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a Swiffer WetJet